Improve pmm readme documentation (#1060)
percona/pmm: CONTRIBUTING.md

### 1. Sign the CLA

> Before you can contribute, we kindly ask you to sign our [Contributor License Agreement](https://cla-assistant.percona.com/percona/grafana-dashboards) (CLA). You can do this using your GitHub account and one click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can contribute, we kindly ask you to sign our [Contributor License Agreement](https://cla-assistant.percona.com/percona/pmm) (CLA). You can do this using your GitHub account and one click.
```

Author: Thank you @BupycHuk 💃🏼
